well howdy there internet people is Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about president Trump's olive branch his
negotiation tactics the art of the deal
he's extended an offer to get his five
point seven billion dollars and like
every hostage taker before him he starts
by offering to release the children to
get what he wants that five point seven
billion dollar down payment for his wall
in exchange for that he'll offer three
years of protection for the dreamers
kids immigrants who came here his kids
now I don't think we should be talking
about whether or not we should take the
deal I think we should talk about the
fact that even a two-bit bank robber
knows that releasing the kids is an act
of good faith very presidential the
activist statesman it's the act of a
thug it's the act of a man using the
guns and cages of ice to hold people
hostage to get 5.7 billion dollars to
build a monument to himself see the
thing is dreamers themselves that term
is confusing because a lot of people
think it has to do with the DREAM Act
well the DREAM Act never passed that's
not a thing
dreamers has become slang for a daca
recipient and I know a number of them I
know quite a few of them basically these
people they've got to get a background
check they have to prove that they are
either in school gainfully employed or
in the US military and they have to have
been brought to the United States as
kids
most of them are more American in heart
and mind than the president say half of
the ones I know don't even speak the
language of their home country because
they came here when they were two or
three the interesting thing about this
is the most anti-immigrant president in
modern memory is willing to offer them
three years of protection why because he
knows they're not a threat he knows
these people are not a detriment to the
United States so he's willing to give
them a blanket immunity for three years
why three why not seven why not ten why
can't we just establish a path to
citizenship for them which is what the
original DREAM Act included why are we
holding these people hostage the
president knows they're not a detriment
the president knows they're not a threat
but that will not stop him from
destroying their lives to get what he
wants just like every other terrorist
that has ever taken hostages
so the other group of people that are
being offered protection or people that
are in TPS that's a temporary protected
status you don't know what that is
that's basically there's a natural
disaster somewhere the u.s. agrees to
take people from that country they come
here temporarily some of them decide
they want to stay okay so they hang out
they keep filing for this these people
again they've been here for years
there's no problem
they're gainfully employed they're doing
everything they're supposed to now the
other thing people need to understand is
that they're legal they're illegal what
they're following the law they're doing
everything right but somebody president
Trump by the way cut six countries from
the program and gave those people a date
and said you need to be out of the
country by this date if not we're gonna
round you up and put you in a camp not
his words but that's what's gonna happen
so his olive branch
is to undo what he did it's the mob pay
me protects you money by five point
seven billion dollars and maybe your
windows don't get broke it's extortion
the President of the United States is
acting like a criminal and he's using
the guns of federal law enforcement as
his soldiers on the street it's an
embarrassment what's more embarrassing
is that the people in Congress and in
the Senate aren't calling him out for it
this is thuggery
it's embarrassing they're kids
they're kids they came here as kids I
don't think they should be punished for
the sins of their father we need to
establish a path to citizenship for
these people and I know there's some
people saying well they didn't follow
the procedure last I heard you did not
get a public works project by shutting
down the government and threatening to
harm kids you want to talk about
procedures okay
the procedure is you submit the
legislation for your stupid wall and
watch you get shot down that's the
procedure that's what the Constitution
says you're supposed to do not shut down
the country not disrupt the lives of
federal employees of people in need of
everybody because you want a monument to
yourself mr. president
anyway it's just a thought you all have
a good night be careful out there watch
out for hostage takers